.TH "cl" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cl \- 
.PP
The OpenCL C++ bindings are defined within this namespace.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBdetail\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBstring\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISimple string class, that provides a limited subset of std::string functionality but avoids many of the issues that come with that class. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBvector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFixed sized vector implementation that mirroring std::vector functionality. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsize_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBsize_t\fP class used to interface between C++ and OpenCL C calls that require arrays of \fBsize_t\fP values, who's size is known statically. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBImageFormat\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImageFormat\fP interface fro cl_image_format. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDevice\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDevice\fP interface for cl_device_id. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPlatform\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPlatform\fP interface. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBContext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBEvent\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBEvent\fP interface for cl_event. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMemory\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBMemory\fP interface for cl_mem. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBBuffer\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBMemory\fP buffer interface. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBBufferGL\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBMemory\fP buffer interface for GL interop. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBBufferRenderGL\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBMemory\fP buffer interface for GL interop with renderbuffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBImage\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBase class interface for all images. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBImage2D\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImage\fP interface for 2D images. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBImage2DGL\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI2D image interface for GL interop. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBImage3D\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImage\fP interface for 3D images. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBImage3DGL\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSampler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSampler\fP interface for cl_sampler. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBNDRange\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBNDRange\fP interface. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBLocalSpaceArg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILocal address raper for use with \fBKernel::setArg\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBKernel\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBKernel\fP interface that implements cl_kernel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBProgram\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBProgram\fP interface that implements cl_program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCommandQueue\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCommandQueue\fP interface for cl_command_queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBKernelFunctor\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBKernel\fP functor interface. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::string \fBSTRING_CLASS\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static cl_int \fBUnloadCompiler\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static cl_int \fBWaitForEvents\fP (const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > &events)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLocalSpaceArg\fP \fB__local\fP (::\fBsize_t\fP size)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBNDRange\fP \fBNullRange\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The OpenCL C++ bindings are defined within this namespace. 
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef std::string \fBcl::STRING_CLASS\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 413 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBLocalSpaceArg\fP cl::__local (::size_tsize)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2279 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "static cl_int cl::UnloadCompiler ()\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1413 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "static cl_int cl::WaitForEvents (const VECTOR_CLASS< Event > &events)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1674 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler().
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBNDRange\fP \fBcl::NullRange\fP\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2248 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by cl::Kernel::bind().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
