.TH "cl::CommandQueue" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cl::CommandQueue \- 
.PP
\fBCommandQueue\fP interface for cl_command_queue.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <cl.hpp>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBWrapper< cl_command_queue >\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef cl_command_queue \fBcl_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandQueue\fP (const \fBContext\fP &context, const \fBDevice\fP &device, cl_command_queue_properties properties=0, cl_int *err=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandQueue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandQueue\fP (const \fBCommandQueue\fP &commandQueue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommandQueue\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBCommandQueue\fP &rhs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename T > cl_int \fBgetInfo\fP (cl_command_queue_info name, T *param) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<cl_int name> \fBdetail::param_traits\fP< detail::cl_command_queue_info, name >::param_type \fBgetInfo\fP (cl_int *err=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueReadBuffer\fP (const \fBBuffer\fP &buffer, cl_bool blocking,::\fBsize_t\fP offset,::\fBsize_t\fP size, void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueWriteBuffer\fP (const \fBBuffer\fP &buffer, cl_bool blocking,::\fBsize_t\fP offset,::\fBsize_t\fP size, const void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueCopyBuffer\fP (const \fBBuffer\fP &src, const \fBBuffer\fP &dst,::\fBsize_t\fP src_offset,::\fBsize_t\fP dst_offset,::\fBsize_t\fP size, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueReadImage\fP (const \fBImage\fP &image, cl_bool blocking, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region,::\fBsize_t\fP row_pitch,::\fBsize_t\fP slice_pitch, void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueWriteImage\fP (const \fBImage\fP &image, cl_bool blocking, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region,::\fBsize_t\fP row_pitch,::\fBsize_t\fP slice_pitch, void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueCopyImage\fP (const \fBImage\fP &src, const \fBImage\fP &dst, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &src_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &dst_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueCopyImageToBuffer\fP (const \fBImage\fP &src, const \fBBuffer\fP &dst, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &src_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region,::\fBsize_t\fP dst_offset, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueCopyBufferToImage\fP (const \fBBuffer\fP &src, const \fBImage\fP &dst,::\fBsize_t\fP src_offset, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &dst_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBenqueueMapBuffer\fP (const \fBBuffer\fP &buffer, cl_bool blocking, cl_map_flags flags,::\fBsize_t\fP offset,::\fBsize_t\fP size, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL, cl_int *err=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBenqueueMapImage\fP (const \fBImage\fP &buffer, cl_bool blocking, cl_map_flags flags, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region,::\fBsize_t\fP *row_pitch,::\fBsize_t\fP *slice_pitch, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL, cl_int *err=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueUnmapMemObject\fP (const \fBMemory\fP &memory, void *mapped_ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueNDRangeKernel\fP (const \fBKernel\fP &kernel, const \fBNDRange\fP &offset, const \fBNDRange\fP &global, const \fBNDRange\fP &local, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueTask\fP (const \fBKernel\fP &kernel, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueNativeKernel\fP (void(*userFptr)(void *), std::pair< void *,::\fBsize_t\fP > args, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBMemory\fP > *mem_objects=NULL, const VECTOR_CLASS< const void * > *mem_locs=NULL, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueMarker\fP (\fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueWaitForEvents\fP (const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > &events) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueAcquireGLObjects\fP (const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBMemory\fP > *mem_objects=NULL, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueReleaseGLObjects\fP (const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBMemory\fP > *mem_objects=NULL, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events=NULL, \fBEvent\fP *event=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBenqueueBarrier\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBflush\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBfinish\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl_type\fP \fBoperator()\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl_type\fP & \fBoperator()\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBretain\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBrelease\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl_type\fP \fBobject_\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBCommandQueue\fP interface for cl_command_queue. 
.PP
Definition at line 2560 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef cl_command_queue  \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_command_queue  >::\fBcl_type\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1094 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cl::CommandQueue::CommandQueue (const \fBContext\fP &context, const \fBDevice\fP &device, cl_command_queue_propertiesproperties = \fC0\fP, cl_int *err = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2563 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl::CommandQueue::CommandQueue ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2579 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl::CommandQueue::CommandQueue (const \fBCommandQueue\fP &commandQueue)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2581 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueAcquireGLObjects (const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBMemory\fP > *mem_objects = \fCNULL\fP, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 3018 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueBarrier () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 3099 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueCopyBuffer (const \fBBuffer\fP &src, const \fBBuffer\fP &dst, ::\fBsize_t\fPsrc_offset, ::\fBsize_t\fPdst_offset, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2651 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueCopyBufferToImage (const \fBBuffer\fP &src, const \fBImage\fP &dst, ::\fBsize_t\fPsrc_offset, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &dst_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2849 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueCopyImage (const \fBImage\fP &src, const \fBImage\fP &dst, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &src_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &dst_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2811 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueCopyImageToBuffer (const \fBImage\fP &src, const \fBBuffer\fP &dst, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &src_origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, ::\fBsize_t\fPdst_offset, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2830 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "void* cl::CommandQueue::enqueueMapBuffer (const \fBBuffer\fP &buffer, cl_boolblocking, cl_map_flagsflags, ::\fBsize_t\fPoffset, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP, cl_int *err = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2868 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "void* cl::CommandQueue::enqueueMapImage (const \fBImage\fP &buffer, cl_boolblocking, cl_map_flagsflags, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, ::\fBsize_t\fP *row_pitch, ::\fBsize_t\fP *slice_pitch, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP, cl_int *err = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2893 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueMarker (\fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 3001 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueNativeKernel (void(*)(void *)userFptr, std::pair< void *,::\fBsize_t\fP >args, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBMemory\fP > *mem_objects = \fCNULL\fP, const VECTOR_CLASS< const void * > *mem_locs = \fCNULL\fP, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2971 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueNDRangeKernel (const \fBKernel\fP &kernel, const \fBNDRange\fP &offset, const \fBNDRange\fP &global, const \fBNDRange\fP &local, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2937 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::NDRange::dimensions(), cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.PP
Referenced by cl::KernelFunctor::operator()().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueReadBuffer (const \fBBuffer\fP &buffer, cl_boolblocking, ::\fBsize_t\fPoffset, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize, void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2613 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueReadImage (const \fBImage\fP &image, cl_boolblocking, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, ::\fBsize_t\fProw_pitch, ::\fBsize_t\fPslice_pitch, void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2769 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueReleaseGLObjects (const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBMemory\fP > *mem_objects = \fCNULL\fP, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 3034 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueTask (const \fBKernel\fP &kernel, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2957 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueUnmapMemObject (const \fBMemory\fP &memory, void *mapped_ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2922 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueWaitForEvents (const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > &events) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 3008 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueWriteBuffer (const \fBBuffer\fP &buffer, cl_boolblocking, ::\fBsize_t\fPoffset, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize, const void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2632 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::enqueueWriteImage (const \fBImage\fP &image, cl_boolblocking, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &origin, const \fBsize_t\fP< 3 > &region, ::\fBsize_t\fProw_pitch, ::\fBsize_t\fPslice_pitch, void *ptr, const VECTOR_CLASS< \fBEvent\fP > *events = \fCNULL\fP, \fBEvent\fP *event = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2790 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_, and cl::vector< T, N >::size().
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::finish () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 3111 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::CommandQueue::flush () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 3106 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.SS "template<cl_int name> \fBdetail::param_traits\fP<detail::cl_command_queue_info, name>::param_type cl::CommandQueue::getInfo (cl_int *err = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2602 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References getInfo().
.SS "template<typename T > cl_int cl::CommandQueue::getInfo (cl_command_queue_infoname, T *param) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2592 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::getInfo(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_command_queue >::object_.
.PP
Referenced by getInfo(), and operator<<().
.SS "\fBcl_type\fP& \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_command_queue  >::operator() ()\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1123 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "\fBcl_type\fP \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_command_queue  >::operator() () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1121 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "\fBCommandQueue\fP& cl::CommandQueue::operator= (const \fBCommandQueue\fP &rhs)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2583 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl_int \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_command_queue  >::release () const\fC [inline, protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1132 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl_int \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_command_queue  >::retain () const\fC [inline, protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1127 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcl_type\fP \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_command_queue  >::\fBobject_\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1097 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by CommandQueue(), enqueueAcquireGLObjects(), enqueueBarrier(), enqueueCopyBuffer(), enqueueCopyBufferToImage(), enqueueCopyImage(), enqueueCopyImageToBuffer(), enqueueMapBuffer(), enqueueMapImage(), enqueueMarker(), enqueueNativeKernel(), enqueueNDRangeKernel(), enqueueReadBuffer(), enqueueReadImage(), enqueueReleaseGLObjects(), enqueueTask(), enqueueUnmapMemObject(), enqueueWaitForEvents(), enqueueWriteBuffer(), enqueueWriteImage(), finish(), flush(), and getInfo().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
