.TH "cl::NDRange" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cl::NDRange \- 
.PP
\fBNDRange\fP interface.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <cl.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNDRange\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNDRange\fP (::\fBsize_t\fP size0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNDRange\fP (::\fBsize_t\fP size0,::\fBsize_t\fP size1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNDRange\fP (::\fBsize_t\fP size0,::\fBsize_t\fP size1,::\fBsize_t\fP size2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator const ::size_t *\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "::\fBsize_t\fP \fBdimensions\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsize_t\fP< 3 > \fBsizes_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_uint \fBdimensions_\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBNDRange\fP interface. 
.PP
Definition at line 2212 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cl::NDRange::NDRange ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2219 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl::NDRange::NDRange (::\fBsize_t\fPsize0)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2223 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::push_back().
.SS "cl::NDRange::NDRange (::\fBsize_t\fPsize0, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize1)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2229 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::push_back().
.SS "cl::NDRange::NDRange (::\fBsize_t\fPsize0, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize1, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize2)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2236 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::push_back().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "::\fBsize_t\fP cl::NDRange::dimensions () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2245 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by cl::CommandQueue::enqueueNDRangeKernel().
.SS "cl::NDRange::operator const ::\fBsize_t\fP * () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2244 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cl_uint \fBcl::NDRange::dimensions_\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2216 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "\fBsize_t\fP<3> \fBcl::NDRange::sizes_\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 2215 of file cl.hpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
