.TH "cl::Platform" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cl::Platform \- 
.PP
\fBPlatform\fP interface.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <cl.hpp>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBWrapper< cl_platform_id >\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef cl_platform_id \fBcl_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPlatform\fP (cl_platform_id platform)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPlatform\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPlatform\fP (const \fBPlatform\fP &platform)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPlatform\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBPlatform\fP &rhs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBgetInfo\fP (cl_platform_info name, \fBSTRING_CLASS\fP *param) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<cl_int name> \fBdetail::param_traits\fP< detail::cl_platform_info, name >::param_type \fBgetInfo\fP (cl_int *err=NULL) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBgetDevices\fP (cl_device_type type, VECTOR_CLASS< \fBDevice\fP > *devices) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl_type\fP \fBoperator()\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl_type\fP & \fBoperator()\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBPlatform\fP \fBnull\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static cl_int \fBget\fP (VECTOR_CLASS< \fBPlatform\fP > *platforms)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBretain\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBrelease\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl_type\fP \fBobject_\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBPlatform\fP interface. 
.PP
Definition at line 1259 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef cl_platform_id  \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_platform_id  >::\fBcl_type\fP\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1094 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cl::Platform::Platform (cl_platform_idplatform)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1264 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_platform_id >::object_.
.SS "cl::Platform::Platform ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1266 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl::Platform::Platform (const \fBPlatform\fP &platform)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1268 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static cl_int cl::Platform::get (VECTOR_CLASS< \fBPlatform\fP > *platforms)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1391 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler().
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::initialise().
.SS "cl_int cl::Platform::getDevices (cl_device_typetype, VECTOR_CLASS< \fBDevice\fP > *devices) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1298 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_platform_id >::object_.
.SS "cl_int cl::Platform::getInfo (cl_platform_infoname, \fBSTRING_CLASS\fP *param) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1278 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::errHandler(), cl::detail::getInfo(), and cl::detail::Wrapper< cl_platform_id >::object_.
.PP
Referenced by getInfo(), and operator<<().
.SS "template<cl_int name> \fBdetail::param_traits\fP<detail::cl_platform_info, name>::param_type cl::Platform::getInfo (cl_int *err = \fCNULL\fP) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1287 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References getInfo().
.SS "static const \fBPlatform\fP cl::Platform::null ()\fC [static]\fP"
.SS "\fBcl_type\fP& \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_platform_id  >::operator() ()\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1123 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::Wrapper< T >::object_.
.SS "\fBcl_type\fP \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_platform_id  >::operator() () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1121 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::Wrapper< T >::object_.
.SS "\fBPlatform\fP& cl::Platform::operator= (const \fBPlatform\fP &rhs)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1270 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl_int \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_platform_id  >::release () const\fC [inline, protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1132 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::Wrapper< T >::object_, and cl::detail::Wrapper< T >::release().
.SS "cl_int \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_platform_id  >::retain () const\fC [inline, protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1127 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::detail::Wrapper< T >::object_, and cl::detail::Wrapper< T >::retain().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcl_type\fP \fBcl::detail::Wrapper\fP< cl_platform_id  >::\fBobject_\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1097 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by getDevices(), getInfo(), and Platform().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
