.TH "cl::string" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cl::string \- 
.PP
Simple string class, that provides a limited subset of std::string functionality but avoids many of the issues that come with that class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <cl.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP (char *str,::\fBsize_t\fP size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP (char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBstring\fP &rhs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstring\fP (const \fBstring\fP &rhs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~string\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "::\fBsize_t\fP \fBsize\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "::\fBsize_t\fP \fBlength\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBc_str\fP (void) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "::\fBsize_t\fP \fBsize_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBstr_\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Simple string class, that provides a limited subset of std::string functionality but avoids many of the issues that come with that class. 
.PP
Definition at line 332 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cl::string::string (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 338 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl::string::string (char *str, ::\fBsize_t\fPsize)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 342 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References size_, and str_.
.SS "cl::string::string (char *str)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 356 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References size_, and str_.
.SS "cl::string::string (const \fBstring\fP &rhs)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 393 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "cl::string::~string ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 398 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References str_.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char* cl::string::c_str (void) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 408 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References str_.
.SS "::\fBsize_t\fP cl::string::length (void) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 406 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References size().
.SS "\fBstring\fP& cl::string::operator= (const \fBstring\fP &rhs)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 369 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References size_, and str_.
.SS "::\fBsize_t\fP cl::string::size (void) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 405 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References size_.
.PP
Referenced by length().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "::\fBsize_t\fP \fBcl::string::size_\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 335 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), size(), and string().
.SS "char* \fBcl::string::str_\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 336 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by c_str(), operator=(), string(), and ~string().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
