.TH "cl::vector::iterator" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cl::vector::iterator \- 
.PP
Iterator class for vectors.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <cl.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBiterator\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~iterator\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (\fBiterator\fP i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (\fBiterator\fP i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator++\fP (int x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator--\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator--\fP (int x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBoperator*\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBiterator\fP \fBbegin\fP (\fBvector\fP< T, N > &vec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBiterator\fP \fBend\fP (\fBvector\fP< T, N > &vec)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvector\fP< T, N > \fBvec_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBindex_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBinitialized_\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> class cl::vector< T, N >::iterator"
Iterator class for vectors. 
.PP
Definition at line 567 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::iterator (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 574 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_, and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::initialized_.
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::~iterator (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 582 of file cl.hpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> static \fBiterator\fP \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::begin (\fBvector\fP< T, N > &vec)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 584 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::empty(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_, cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::initialized_, and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::vec_.
.PP
Referenced by cl::vector< ::size_t, N >::begin().
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> static \fBiterator\fP \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::end (\fBvector\fP< T, N > &vec)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 597 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::empty(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_, cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::initialized_, cl::vector< T, N >::size(), and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::vec_.
.PP
Referenced by cl::vector< ::size_t, N >::end().
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> bool \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::operator!= (\fBiterator\fPi)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 616 of file cl.hpp.
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> T \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::operator* ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 641 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_, and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::vec_.
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> void \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::operator++ ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 621 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_.
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> void \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::operator++ (intx)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 626 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_.
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> void \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::operator-- (intx)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 636 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_.
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> void \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::operator-- ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 631 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_.
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> bool \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::iterator::operator== (\fBiterator\fPi)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 609 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
References cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::index_, cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::initialized_, and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::vec_.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> int \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::\fBiterator::index_\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 571 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::begin(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::end(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::iterator(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::operator*(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::operator++(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::operator--(), and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::operator==().
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> bool \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::\fBiterator::initialized_\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 572 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::begin(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::end(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::iterator(), and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::operator==().
.SS "template<typename T, unsigned int N = __MAX_DEFAULT_VECTOR_SIZE> \fBvector\fP<T,N> \fBcl::vector\fP< T, N >::\fBiterator::vec_\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 570 of file cl.hpp.
.PP
Referenced by cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::begin(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::end(), cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::operator*(), and cl::vector< T, N >::iterator::operator==().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
