.TH "cryo::runners::SimpleRunner" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryo::runners::SimpleRunner \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <SimpleRunner.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcryo::OpenCLManager\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimpleRunner\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~SimpleRunner\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrun\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetUpBuffer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBloadKernelSource\fP (const std::string ifstring)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBoclErrorString\fP (cl_int \fBerror\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBloadKernel\fP (std::string kernelstring)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBcompileKernel\fP (std::string buildoptions='')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > \fBgetMutableKernel\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet kernel by kernel name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetKernelSource\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > & \fBgetPlatforms\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > & \fBgetDevices\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::Device\fP & \fBgetActiveDevice\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::Context\fP & \fBgetContext\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< std::string, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > > & \fBgetKernels\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::CommandQueue\fP & \fBgetCommandQueue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::Program\fP & \fBgetProgram\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBparseFunctionNames\fP (const std::string &source)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintKernelNames\fP (std::ostream &os)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintKernelSource\fP (std::ostream &os)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintCLError\fP (std::ostream &os, const cl::Error &er)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBinitialise\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Buffer\fP \fBcl_a\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Buffer\fP \fBcl_b\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Buffer\fP \fBcl_c\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnum\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBkernelSource\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBsourceString\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::set< std::string > \fBkernelNames\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBplatform_id_success\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdevice_id_success\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBkernel_compilation_success\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > \fBplatforms\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > \fBdevices\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP >::const_iterator \fBactiveDevice\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Context\fP \fBcontext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > > \fBkernels\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::CommandQueue\fP \fBcommandQueue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Program\fP \fBprogram\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBerror\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Event\fP \fBevent\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 17 of file SimpleRunner.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryo::runners::SimpleRunner::SimpleRunner ()"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file SimpleRunner.cpp.
.SS "cryo::runners::SimpleRunner::~SimpleRunner ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file SimpleRunner.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::compileKernel (std::stringbuildoptions = \fC''\fP)\fC [virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Program::build(), cryo::OpenCLManager::devices, cl::Program::getBuildInfo(), and cryo::OpenCLManager::program.
.SS "const \fBcl::Device\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getActiveDevice () const\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const \fBcl::CommandQueue\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getCommandQueue () const\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const \fBcl::Context\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getContext () const\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > & cryo::OpenCLManager::getDevices () const\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const std::map< std::string, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > > & cryo::OpenCLManager::getKernels () const\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryo::OpenCLManager::getKernelSource ()\fC [virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > cryo::OpenCLManager::getMutableKernel (const std::string &name)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get kernel by kernel name. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > & cryo::OpenCLManager::getPlatforms () const\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const \fBcl::Program\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getProgram () const\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::initialise ()\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Platform::get(), and cryo::OpenCLManager::platforms.
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernel (std::stringkernelstring)\fC [virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 233 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cryo::OpenCLManager::context, and cryo::OpenCLManager::program.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::runners::NullRunner::NullRunner().
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernelSource (const std::stringifstring)\fC [virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cryo::OpenCLManager::kernelSource, cryo::OpenCLManager::parseFunctionNames(), and cryo::OpenCLManager::printKernelNames().
.SS "const char * cryo::OpenCLManager::oclErrorString (cl_interror)\fC [virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "void cryo::OpenCLManager::parseFunctionNames (const std::string &source)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cryo::OpenCLManager::kernelNames.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernelSource().
.SS "std::ostream & cryo::OpenCLManager::printCLError (std::ostream &os, const cl::Error &er)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream & cryo::OpenCLManager::printKernelNames (std::ostream &os)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cryo::OpenCLManager::kernelNames.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernelSource().
.SS "std::ostream & cryo::OpenCLManager::printKernelSource (std::ostream &os)\fC [inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "bool cryo::runners::SimpleRunner::run ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
clReleaseEvent(event); 
.PP
Implements \fBcryo::OpenCLManager\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file SimpleRunner.cpp.
.SS "void cryo::runners::SimpleRunner::setUpBuffer ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file SimpleRunner.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::vector<\fBcl::Device\fP>::const_iterator \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::activeDevice\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "\fBcl::Buffer\fP \fBcryo::runners::SimpleRunner::cl_a\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file SimpleRunner.h.
.SS "\fBcl::Buffer\fP \fBcryo::runners::SimpleRunner::cl_b\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file SimpleRunner.h.
.SS "\fBcl::Buffer\fP \fBcryo::runners::SimpleRunner::cl_c\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file SimpleRunner.h.
.SS "\fBcl::CommandQueue\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::commandQueue\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "\fBcl::Context\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::context\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernel().
.SS "bool \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::device_id_success\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBcl::Device\fP> \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::devices\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::compileKernel().
.SS "cl_int \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::error\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "\fBcl::Event\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::event\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "bool \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernel_compilation_success\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::set<std::string> \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernelNames\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::parseFunctionNames(), and cryo::OpenCLManager::printKernelNames().
.SS "std::map<std::string, boost::shared_ptr<\fBcl::Kernel\fP> > \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernels\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::string \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernelSource\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernelSource(), and cryo::runners::NullRunner::NullRunner().
.SS "int \fBcryo::runners::SimpleRunner::num\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file SimpleRunner.h.
.SS "bool \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::platform_id_success\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBcl::Platform\fP> \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::platforms\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::initialise().
.SS "\fBcl::Program\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::program\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::OpenCLManager::compileKernel(), and cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernel().
.SS "std::string \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::sourceString\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file OpenCLManager.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
