.TH "cryo::OpenCLManager" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryo::OpenCLManager \- 
.PP
The \fBOpenCLManager\fP class deals with the bulk of setting up and tearing down opencl.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <OpenCLManager.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBcryo::runners::NullRunner\fP, and \fBcryo::runners::SimpleRunner\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOpenCLManager\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~OpenCLManager\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrun\fP ()=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBloadKernelSource\fP (const std::string ifstring)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBoclErrorString\fP (cl_int \fBerror\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBloadKernel\fP (std::string kernelstring)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBcompileKernel\fP (std::string buildoptions='')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > \fBgetMutableKernel\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet kernel by kernel name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetKernelSource\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > & \fBgetPlatforms\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > & \fBgetDevices\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::Device\fP & \fBgetActiveDevice\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::Context\fP & \fBgetContext\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< std::string, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > > & \fBgetKernels\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::CommandQueue\fP & \fBgetCommandQueue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcl::Program\fP & \fBgetProgram\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBparseFunctionNames\fP (const std::string &source)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintKernelNames\fP (std::ostream &os)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintKernelSource\fP (std::ostream &os)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintCLError\fP (std::ostream &os, const cl::Error &er)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBinitialise\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBkernelSource\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBsourceString\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::set< std::string > \fBkernelNames\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBplatform_id_success\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdevice_id_success\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBkernel_compilation_success\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > \fBplatforms\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > \fBdevices\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP >::const_iterator \fBactiveDevice\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Context\fP \fBcontext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > > \fBkernels\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::CommandQueue\fP \fBcommandQueue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Program\fP \fBprogram\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "cl_int \fBerror\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcl::Event\fP \fBevent\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBOpenCLManager\fP class deals with the bulk of setting up and tearing down opencl. 

Subclasses load program source in their constructor and then should implement the \fBrun()\fP method to actually do calculations. 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "home niall Projects Eclipse cryo opencl src \fBOpenCLManager\fP cpp cryo::OpenCLManager::OpenCLManager ()"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "cryo::OpenCLManager::~OpenCLManager ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::compileKernel (std::stringbuildoptions = \fC''\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Program::build(), devices, cl::Program::getBuildInfo(), and program.
.SS "const \fBcl::Device\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getActiveDevice () const"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const \fBcl::CommandQueue\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getCommandQueue () const"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const \fBcl::Context\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getContext () const"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > & cryo::OpenCLManager::getDevices () const"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const std::map< std::string, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > > & cryo::OpenCLManager::getKernels () const"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryo::OpenCLManager::getKernelSource ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcl::Kernel\fP > cryo::OpenCLManager::getMutableKernel (const std::string &name)"
.PP
Get kernel by kernel name. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > & cryo::OpenCLManager::getPlatforms () const"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "const \fBcl::Program\fP & cryo::OpenCLManager::getProgram () const"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::initialise ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Platform::get(), and platforms.
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernel (std::stringkernelstring)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 233 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References context, and program.
.PP
Referenced by cryo::runners::NullRunner::NullRunner().
.SS "bool cryo::OpenCLManager::loadKernelSource (const std::stringifstring)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References kernelSource, parseFunctionNames(), and printKernelNames().
.SS "const char * cryo::OpenCLManager::oclErrorString (cl_interror)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "void cryo::OpenCLManager::parseFunctionNames (const std::string &source)"
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References kernelNames.
.PP
Referenced by loadKernelSource().
.SS "std::ostream & cryo::OpenCLManager::printCLError (std::ostream &os, const cl::Error &er)"
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream & cryo::OpenCLManager::printKernelNames (std::ostream &os)"
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.PP
References kernelNames.
.PP
Referenced by loadKernelSource().
.SS "std::ostream & cryo::OpenCLManager::printKernelSource (std::ostream &os)"
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file OpenCLManager.cpp.
.SS "virtual bool cryo::OpenCLManager::run ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implemented in \fBcryo::runners::NullRunner\fP, and \fBcryo::runners::SimpleRunner\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::vector<\fBcl::Device\fP>::const_iterator \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::activeDevice\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "\fBcl::CommandQueue\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::commandQueue\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "\fBcl::Context\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::context\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by loadKernel().
.SS "bool \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::device_id_success\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBcl::Device\fP> \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::devices\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by compileKernel().
.SS "cl_int \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::error\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "\fBcl::Event\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::event\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "bool \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernel_compilation_success\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::set<std::string> \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernelNames\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by parseFunctionNames(), and printKernelNames().
.SS "std::map<std::string, boost::shared_ptr<\fBcl::Kernel\fP> > \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernels\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::string \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::kernelSource\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by loadKernelSource(), and cryo::runners::NullRunner::NullRunner().
.SS "bool \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::platform_id_success\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.SS "std::vector<\fBcl::Platform\fP> \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::platforms\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by initialise().
.SS "\fBcl::Program\fP \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::program\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file OpenCLManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by compileKernel(), and loadKernel().
.SS "std::string \fBcryo::OpenCLManager::sourceString\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file OpenCLManager.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
