.TH "/home/niall/Projects/Eclipse/cryo-opencl/src/OpenCLPrint.h" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryo-opencl" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
/home/niall/Projects/Eclipse/cryo-opencl/src/OpenCLPrint.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'CL/cl.hpp'\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <map>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBOpenCLPrint\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Platform\fP &platform)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > &platforms)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Device\fP &device)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > &devices)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Context\fP &context)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::CommandQueue\fP &queue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Kernel\fP &kernel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Program\fP &program)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Platform\fP &platform)"
.PP
Definition at line 330 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Platform::getInfo().
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Program\fP &program)"
.PP
Definition at line 438 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Kernel\fP &kernel)"
.PP
Definition at line 422 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Kernel::getInfo().
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::CommandQueue\fP &queue)"
.PP
Definition at line 408 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.PP
References cl::CommandQueue::getInfo().
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Context\fP &context)"
.PP
Definition at line 379 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Context::getInfo().
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const std::vector< \fBcl::Device\fP > &devices)"
.PP
Definition at line 364 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBcl::Device\fP &device)"
.PP
Definition at line 354 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.PP
References cl::Device::getInfo().
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const std::vector< \fBcl::Platform\fP > &platforms)"
.PP
Definition at line 339 of file OpenCLPrint.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryo-opencl from the source code.
